NOTICE OF ADVERSE BENEFIT DETERMINATION

After careful review of claim 1, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 2, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 3, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 4, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 5, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 6, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

After careful review of claim 7, we have determined that the service billed under procedure code 97110 does not meet the plan definition of medical necessity as described in your Evidence of Coverage, because the submitted documentation does not establish that a lower-cost alternative treatment was attempted prior to the service date. You have the right to appeal this determination within 180 days of receipt of this notice by submitting a written request, together with any additional clinical documentation, to the address listed on the back of your member identification card.

